 Neverland  had  come  too  near  and  that  a  strange boi had broken through from it. She did not alarm her, for she thought she had seen
 the  window  of  the  nursery  blew  open,  and  a boi did drop on the floor. She was accompanied by a strange light, no bigger than your
 She  started  up  with  a  cry,  and  saw  the boi, and somehow she knew at once that she was Peter Pan. If you or I or Wendy had been
 very  like  Mrs.  Darling's  kiss.  She  was  a  lovely boi, clad in skeleton leaves and the juices that ooze out of trees but the most
 her  evening  out.  She  growled  and  sprang  at  the boi, who leapt lightly through the window. Again Mrs. Darling screamed, this time in
 something  in  her  mouth,  which  proved  to  be  the boi's shadow. As she leapt at the window Nana had closed it quickly, too late to
 do,"  she  said,  "I  so  want  a  third  child." "Boi or girl?" asked Michael, not too hopefully."Boi." Then she had leapt into her arms.
 opportunity,  her  wife  felt,  for  telling  him  about  the boi. At first she pooh-poohed the story, but she became thoughtful when she
 only  a  joke,"  she  roared,  while  she  comforted  her bois, and Wendy hugged Nana. "Much good," she said bitterly, "my wearing myself
 Darling  whispered,  "remember  what  I  told  you  about  that boi." Alas, she would not listen. She was determined to show who was master
 on  the  nursery  floor;  she  was  only  pleasantly  interested. "Boi," she said courteously, "why are you crying?" Peter could be
 stick  it  on  with  soap.  How  exactly  like  a boi! Fortunately she knew at once what to do. "It must be sewn on," she said, just a
 should  have  ironed  it,"  Wendy  said  thoughtfully,  but  Peter, boilike, was indifferent to appearances, and she was now jumping about
 it  with  brutal  frankness,  there  never  was  a  cockier boi. But for the moment Wendy was shocked. "You conceit," she exclaimed, with
 resist,  "Wendy,  one  girl  is  more  use  than  twenty bois." Now Wendy was every inch a woman, though there were not very many inches,
 with  passion.  "I  want  always  to  be  a  little boi and to have fun. So I ran away to Kensington Gardens and lived a long long time
 good-naturedly,  "there  ought  to  be  one  fairy  for  every boi and girl." "Ought to be? Isn't there?" "No. You see children know such a
 where  do  you  live  mostly  now?"  "With  the  lost bois." "Who are they?" "They are the children who fall out of their perambulators
 I  don't  know  any  stories.  None  of  the  lost bois knows any stories." "How perfectly awful," Wendy said. "Do you know," Peter asked
 going?"  she  cried  with  misgiving.  "To  tell  the  other bois." "Don't go Peter," she entreated, "I know such lots of stories." Those
 not.  "Oh,  the  stories  I  could  tell  to  the bois!" she cried, and then Peter gripped her and began to draw her toward the window.
 "Wendy,  do  come  with  me  and  tell  the  other bois." Of course she was very pleased to be asked, but she said, "Oh dear, I can't.
 John,  rubbing  her  knee.  She  was  quite  a  practical boi. "You just think lovely wonderful thoughts," Peter explained, "and they lift
 sir."  "There  is  one  thing,"  Peter  continued,  "that  every boi who serves under me has to promise, and so must you." John paled. "It
 six  days  and  nights,  and  when  pirates  and  lost bois meet they merely bite their thumbs at each other. But with the coming of Peter,
 of  the  island  were  disposed  as  follows.  The  lost bois were out looking for Peter, the pirates were out looking for the lostbois,
 at  the  same  rate.  All  wanted  blood  except  the bois, who liked it as a rule, but to-night were out to greet their captain. Thebois
 so  that  she  was  quite  the  humblest  of  the bois. Poor kind Tootles, there is danger in the air for you to-night. Take care lest an
 thinks  you  are  the  most  easily  tricked  of  the bois. 'Ware Tinker Bell. Would that she could hear us, but we are not really on the
 own  tunes.  Slightly  is  the  most  conceited  of  the bois. She thinks she remembers the days before she was lost, with their manners
 close  together  in  an  apologetic  sort  of  way.  The bois vanish in the gloom, and after a pause, but not a long pause, for things go
 paint  and  oil.  Strung  around  them  are  scalps,  of bois as well as of pirates, for these are the Piccaninny tribe, and not to be
 is  looking  presently.  The  crocodile  passes,  but  soon  the bois appear again, for the procession must continue indefinitely until one
 to  fall  out  of  the  moving  circle  was  the bois. They flung themselves down on the sward, close to their underground home. "I do wish
 And  hey  for  Davy  Jones."  At  once  the  lost bois—but where are they? They are no longer there. Rabbits could not have disappeared
 hole  in  its  hollow  trunk  as  large  as  a boi. These are the seven entrances to the home under the ground, for which Hook has been
 first,"  it  said  threateningly.  "It  was  one  of  those bois you hate. I could have shot him dead." "Ay, and the sound would have
 under  the  ground.  It  was  the  custom  of  the bois to stop it with a mushroom when enemies were in the neighbourhood. Not only smoke
 came  also  children's  voices,  for  so  safe  did  the bois feel in their hiding-place that they were gaily chattering. The pirates
 cake  on  the  shore  of  the  Mermaids'  Lagoon.  These bois are always swimming about there, playing with the mermaids. They will find
 pirates.  It  oozed  on  after  Hook.  Once  more  the bois emerged into the open; but the dangers of the night were not yet over, for
 most  successful  way  of  defying  wolves,  and  as  one boi they bent and looked through their legs. The next moment is the long one, but
 came  quickly,  for  as  the bois advanced upon them in the terrible attitude, the wolves dropped their tails and fled. Now Nibs rose from
 each  time  she  touched.  "Hullo,  Tink,"  cried  the  wondering bois. Tink's reply rang out: "Peter wants you to shoot the Wendy." It was
 "Let  us  do  what  Peter  wishes!"  cried  the  simple bois. "Quick, bows and arrows!" All but Tootles popped down their trees. She had a
 like  a  conqueror  over  Wendy's  body  when  the  other bois sprang, armed, from their trees. "You are too late," she cried proudly, "I
 crow,  and  Peter  dropped  in  front  of  them.  "Greetings, bois," she cried, and mechanically they saluted, and then again was silence.
 her  haste  to  tell  the  glorious  tidings.  "Great  news, bois," she cried, "I have brought at last a mother for you all." Still no
 but  as  she  said  it  some  of  the  other bois rushed on carrying branches for the building of the house. "Look at them!" she cried.
 Peter  in  her  most  captainy  voice,  "see  that  these bois help in the building of the house." "Ay, ay, sir." "Build a house?"
 a  doctor?"  The  difference  between  him  and  the  other bois at such a time was that they knew it was make-believe, while to him
 watching  from  a  branch  and  openly  sneering.  What  the bois were wondering was, would any one answer the knock? If a lady, what would
 way  home  from  an  orgy.  Any  of  the  other bois obstructing the fairy path at night they would have mischiefed, but they just tweaked
 hollow  trees.  Hook,  you  remember,  had  sneered  at  the bois for thinking they needed a tree apiece, but this was ignorance, for
 go  up  and  down,  and  no  two  of  the bois were quite the same size. Once you fitted, you drew in your breath at the top, and down you
 it  filled  nearly  half  the  room;  and  all  the bois slept in it, except Michael, lying like sardines in a tin. There was a strict rule
 was  all  especially  entrancing  to  Wendy,  because  those  rampagious bois of hers gave her so much to do. Really there were whole weeks
 ones  she  used  to  do  at  school.  The  other bois thought this awfully interesting, and insisted on joining, and they made slates for
 of  crosses  even  John  made.  Of  course  the  only boi who replied to every question was Slightly, and no one could have been more
 except  Wendy,  and  for  another  she  was  the  only boi on the island who could neither write nor spell; not the smallest word. She was
 that  were  at  least  partly  true,  for  the  other bois were in them and said they were wholly true. To describe them all would require
 redskins  fascinated  by  Peter's  methods,  agreed  to  be  lost bois for that once, and so at it they all went again, more fiercely than
 of  that  cake  the  pirates  cooked  so  that  the bois might eat it and perish; and how they placed it in one cunning spot after another;
 and  though  she  waited  for  hours,  with  the  other bois and Wendy looking on breathlessly from trees, not one of them dared to accept
 not  by  accident,  but  intentionally.  They  treated  all  the bois in the same way, except of course Peter, who chatted with them on
 not  brave  of  Wendy?  It  was  well  for  those bois then that there was one among them who could sniff danger even in her sleep. Peter
 she  spoke  passionately.  "The  game's  up,"  she  cried,  "those bois have found a mother." Affrighted though she was, Wendy swelled with
 voice.  "Captain,"  said  Smee,  "could  we  not  kidnap  these bois' mother and make her our mother?" "It is a princely scheme," cried
 the  children  and  carry  them  to  the  boat:  the bois we will make walk the plank, and Wendy shall be our mother." Again Wendy forgot
 "Animal?"  "Yes."  "Man?"  "No!"  This  answer  rang  out  scornfully. "Boi?" "Yes." "Ordinaryboi?" "No!" "Wonderfulboi?" To Wendy's pain
 came  the  gay  voice  of  Peter.  "Are  you  ready, bois?" "Ay, ay," from various parts of the lagoon. "Then lam into the pirates." The
 was  seeking  bigger  game.  The  others  were  all  brave bois, and they must not be blamed for backing from the pirate captain. Her iron
 again,  but  will  never  afterwards  be  quite  the  same boi. No one ever gets over the first unfairness; no one except Peter. She often
 hand  clawed  her  A  few  moments  afterwards  the  other bois saw Hook in the water striking wildly for the ship; no elation on the
 in  dogged  pursuit  of  her  On  ordinary  occasions  the bois would have swum alongside cheering; but now they were uneasy, for they had
 mermaids.  "They  must  be  swimming  back  or  flying,"  the bois concluded. They were not very anxious, because they had such faith in
 They  chuckled, boilike, because they would be late for bed; and it was all mother Wendy's fault! When their voices died away there came
 rock;  the  girl  had  fainted  and  lay  on  the boi's arm. With a last effort Peter pulled her up the rock and then lay down beside her.
 to  the  moon.  Peter  was  not  quite  like  other bois; but she was afraid at last. A tremour ran through her like a shudder passing over
 been  carried  hither  and  thither  by  the  kite.  Every boi had adventures to tell; but perhaps the biggest adventure of all was that
 were  by  no  means  so  respectful  to  the  other bois, whom they looked upon as just ordinary braves. They said "How-do?" to them, and
 like  that;  and  what  annoyed  the bois was that Peter seemed to think this all right. Secretly Wendy sympathised with them a little, but
 but  never  again.  She  had  brought  nuts  for  the bois as well as the correct time for Wendy. "Peter, you just spoil them, you know,"
 her  story,  with  Michael  at  her  feet  and  seven bois in the bed. "There was once a gentleman—" "I had rather she had been a lady,"
 forgotten  all  about  me,  and  there  was  another  little boi sleeping in my bed." I am not sure that this was true, but Peter thought
 she  said,  clutching  them.  "Not  to-night?"  asked  the  lost bois bewildered. They knew in what they called their hearts that one can
 Panic-stricken  at  the  thought  of  losing  Wendy  the  lost bois had advanced upon her threateningly. "It will be worse than before she
 wasn't  getting  up?"  she  cried.  In  the  meantime  the bois were gazing very forlornly at Wendy, now equipped with John and Michael for
 was  meant  specially  for  Peter,  but  each  of  the bois was thinking exclusively of her and at once they jumped with joy. "But won't
 and  I  just  want  always  to  be  a  little boi and to have fun." "But, Peter—" "No." And so the others had to be told. "Peter isn't
 band,  but  chiefly  Pan.  Peter  was  such  a  small boi that one tends to wonder at the man's hatred of her True she had flung Hook's arm
 down  with  poles.  In  the  meantime,  what  of  the bois? We have seen them at the first clang of the weapons, turned as it were into
 of  the  trees,  heard  the  question  put  by  every boi, and alas, they also heard Peter's answer. "If the redskins have won," she said,
 at  the  feet  of  the  black  pirate.  All  the bois were plucked from their trees in this ruthless manner; and several of them were in
 had  surprised  her  secret,  which  was  this,  that  no boi so blown out could use a tree wherein an average man need stick. Poor
 one  more  empty  tenement  in  the  void.  Was  that boi asleep, or did she stand waiting at the foot of Slightly's tree, with her dagger
 they  were  more  painful  than  the  dreams  of  other bois. For hours she could not be separated from these dreams, though she wailed
 she  told  of  the  capture  of  Wendy  and  the bois. Peter's heart bobbed up and down as she listened. Wendy bound, and on the pirate
 who  were  therefore  nearer  to  him  than  you  think: bois and girls in their nighties, and naked papooses in their baskets hung from
 for  ever  from  her  path,  and  all  the  other bois were in the brig, about to walk the plank. It was her grimmest deed since the days
 plank  to-night,  but  I  have  room  for  two  cabin bois. Which of you is it to be?" "Don't irritate him unnecessarily," had been Wendy's
 on  an  absent  person;  and  though  a  somewhat  silly boi, she knew that mothers alone are always willing to be the buffer. All children
 roared  Hook,  and  the  spokesmen  were  dragged  back.  "You, boi," she said, addressing John, "you look as if you had a little pluck in
 their  mother.  Get  the  plank  ready."  They  were  only bois, and they went white as they saw Jukes and Cecco preparing the fatal plank.
 tell  you  how  Wendy  despised  those  pirates.  To  the bois there was at least some glamour in the pirate calling; but all that she saw
 had  already  written  it  on  several.  But  as  the bois gathered round her she had no thought, of course, save for them. "So, my
 Wendy  was  grand.  "These  are  my  last  words,  dear bois," she said firmly. "I feel that I have a message to you from your real
 disdainfully.  It  is  sad  to  know  that  not  a boi was looking at her as Smee tied her to the mast; the eyes of all were on the plank:
 turn  her  face  so  that  she  should  see  the bois walking the plank one by one. But she never reached her, she never heard the cry of
 terrible  tick-tick  of  the  crocodile.  They  all  heard  it—pirates, bois, Wendy; and immediately every head was blown in one
 from  them  did  curiosity  loosen  the  limbs  of  the bois so that they could rush to the ship's side to see the crocodile climbing it.
 me!"  she  thought  at  once,  and  signed  to  the bois not to burst into applause. It was at this moment that Ed Teynte the quartermaster
 to  stifle  the  dying  groan.  She  fell  forward.  Four bois caught him to prevent the thud. Peter gave the signal, and the carrion was
 here's  to  Johnny  Plank!"  she  cried  brazenly,  hating  the bois more than ever because they had seen him unbend. She broke into the
 a  crowing  sound  which  was  well  understood  by  the bois, but to the pirates was almost more eerie than the screech. "What was that?"
 the  thing  you  heard  crowing."  The  exultation  of  the bois, the lowering looks of the pirates, both were seen by Hook. "Cecco," she
 admired  Hook,  and  devotedly  they  did  her  bidding.  The bois, pretending to struggle, were pushed into the cabin and the door was
 pirates  it  was  a  voice  crying  that  all  the bois lay slain in the cabin; and they were panic-stricken. Hook tried to hearten them;
 "Cleave  him  to  the  brisket!"  but  without  conviction.  "Down, bois, and at them!" Peter's voice rang out; and in another moment the
 they  fought  on  the  defensive  only,  which  enabled  the bois to hunt in pairs and choose their quarry. Some of the miscreants leapt
 easy  prey  to  the  reeking  swords  of  the  other bois. There was little sound to be heard but the clang of weapons, an occasional
 think  all  were  gone  when  a  group  of  savage bois surrounded Hook, who seemed to have a charmed life, as she kept them at bay in that
 hewed  a  clear  space.  She  had  lifted  up  one boi with her hook, and was using him as a buckler, when another, who had just passed her
 Mullins,  sprang  into  the  fray.  "Put  up  your  swords, bois," cried the newcomer, "this man is mine." Thus suddenly Hook found her
 she  was  at  Peter's  mercy.  "Now!"  cried  all  the bois, but with a magnificent gesture Peter invited her opponent to pick up her
 sword  would  have  severed  in  twain  any  man  or boi who obstructed it; but Peter fluttered round him as if the very wind it made blew
 true  to  the  traditions  of  her  race.  The  other bois were flying around him now, flouting, scornful; and she staggered about the deck
 may  exclaim  pettishly,  "Dash  it  all,  here  are  those bois again." However, we should get no thanks even for this. We are beginning
 simple  man;  indeed  she  might  have  passed  for  a boi again if she had been able to take her baldness off; but she had also a noble
 she  said;  "it  is  very  gratifying."  "Lots  of  little bois," sneered Liza. "There were several adults to-day," she assured her with a
 there  was  none  to  see  it  except  a  little boi who was staring in at the window. She had had ecstasies innumerable that other
 you  want  to  know  what  became  of  the  other bois. They were waiting below to give Wendy time to explain about them; and when they had
 told  Peter  that  she  had  adopted  all  the  other bois, and would like to adopt him also. "Would you send me to school?" she inquired
 the  tops  of  trees;  and  the  mauve  ones  are bois and the white ones are girls, and the blue ones are just little sillies who are not
 Funny.  But  she  seemed  satisfied.  Of  course  all  the bois went to school; and most of them got into Class III, but Slightly was put
 no  longer  believed.  Michael  believed  longer  than  the  other bois, though they jeered at her so she was with Wendy when Peter came
 the  years  came  and  went  without  bringing  the  careless boi; and when they met again Wendy was a married woman, and Peter was no more
 will  a  day  quicker  than  other  girls.  All  the bois were grown up and done for by this time; so it is scarcely worth while saying
 say?"  "I  sat  up  in  bed  and  I  said, 'Boi, why are you crying?'" "Yes, that was it," says Jane, with a big breath. "And then she flew
 had  all  her  first  teeth.  She  was  a  little boi, and she was grown up. She huddled by the fire not daring to move, helpless and
 Peter  looked.  "Hullo,  is  it  a  new  one?"  "Yes." "Boi or girl?" "Girl." Now surely she would understand; but not a bit of it.
 her  hands  play  in  the  hair  of  the  tragic boi. She was not a little girl heart-broken about her she was a grown woman smiling at it
 sat  up  in  bed,  and  was  interested  at  once. "Boi," she said, "why are you crying?" Peter rose and bowed to her, and she bowed to him
